so I'm not sure if the livestream is
working but anyway I will study meeting
so welcome to this week's IP LD meeting
its March the 4th 2019 welcome everyone
this is a quick up call what we did in
the past two weeks or even four weeks
because we haven't had a colony last
week two weeks ago um and let's go
through the agenda so if anyone has
anything yeah you've been working on
please put it in the two weeks update
list and also please put your name on
the attendees list and it would be great
if I could have a note-taker any
volunteer for note-taking I can do the
notes thanks Jim again it probably won't
be much because it's mostly about dates
yeah put a name on this list and welcome
I disabled for always hearing video
every single time yeah
I immediately I'm in the middle of my
Firefox config to disable autoplay but I
guess some of it came in okay alright
but Elijah she was working around it's
great okay so back to the meeting all
right um I start with the update for
myself so am i I'm currently working on
the IPL deselect us stuff I'm I've
linked in the nodes or I also put the
nodes into the chat room sorry and I've
put in I've ever PR on the IP of the
spec repository
with the new IP resect that stuff that
we are working on I have a basic
implementation even and so if anyone's
interested please have a look and leave
comments I've also done some tooling
around IP LD because I need you to test
it out things so I need to see what data
is in the repository so you can
visualize this with graph twists and now
it's possible to add your own tests
without and knowing JavaScript so it's
just dropping in files which might also
be beneficial for people playing with it
and yeah and we also moved the
JavaScript side to travis which is a bit
of work and now almost odd I thought the
repositories have been moved to Travis
um that's what I did so I see that henna
so are there any questions if nothing I
move on to her please give us your
update yeah hi folks if anyone hasn't
seen me here before I'm working on the
grassing library in go or the initial
graphs link library go which is going to
use I peel these selectors and the
traversal functions that Eric is working
on in door IPL D Prime
so my update is is mostly last week was
me based on all the sort of progress and
things we know now about about i2 PLD
the IP the go IPL D prime library what
its interfaces are likely to look like
although I was working on basically
figuring out exactly how that
implementation is gonna work in the
graphic library um and gaining some
alignment on that and then also like
there's actually you know I basically
need to do some work to to to mock go
IPL D Prime
so that I have something to call even
though it's not for real um in in my
library for the time being so that's
what I've got and I think I am basically
clear to write code I don't know that I
will have I don't know that I will you
know obviously whatever I write will
most likely end up changing as things
you know change in go IPL d-prime and
whatnot but I at least feel like I've
got plenty of I've got enough clarity
and enough work that's gonna have to
happen that like I'd like to make
progress even if there's some clean ups
and fixes because there's gonna be a lot
of work it it needs to be somewhere
along the way when go IPL D Primus
lockdown so that's that's what I got
yeah and thanks for folks who read that
issue that I post last week cool thanks
for the update
and does anyone else want to give any
updates and if not then yeah Emily I
think it's relevant to this forum which
is the rebooting web of trust thing
summit conference happened this past
weekend and I know that
Jonny crunch who frequently comes to
these meetings and is working on D ID
and Andre Cruz I believe who's on the
decentralized just distributed the DBC
working group I always have trouble with
those two they they met up and talked a
lot about how to move forward on their
identity spec and have some improvements
and are planning to write a paper so
cool stuff and it's built on top of IP
LD and using the concepts here so
figured it was relevant to this group
Jim did you want to add something to
that I think our Dean was there too cool
yeah so I think we can expect a report
from those guys on the cool stuff that
went on at that conference
cool thanks for the update Eric isn't
here this week he is actually currently
in Berlin at a w3c meeting about link
data it is and it's there is Eric and
drill is there as well
yeah
so he kind of hint but there will also
be probably exciting things to talk
about next so in the meeting in two
weeks Michael said he will be 10 minutes
late and we should start but I guess if
we finish before his coming that's also
not a big deal for him I guess and so is
there anything else we should discuss or
any questions or the gym just a question
well can you give a high-level summary
of what you decided in terms of
architecture Oh on the grassing stuff
yeah yeah so basically so yes so we had
long discussions and now the the outcome
is that first we are building this whole
thing for go first
and what I mean with it is the
networking part as well as the sectors
part and there's kind of like a split
between the networking part in the
selectors part and the selectors part
will be implemented in JavaScript and in
go and that's JavaScript version that I
work on is almost done I would say from
the like it kind of works it of course
it's integration but the selectors
basics work and so we have at least the
foundation of knowing that things things
seem to work and then Eric is
implementing didn't go and on the
networking side this will only be in go
to start with and it will be the
protocol that was mostly the protocol
that was proposed in graphs in P
proposal by cotton and Jeremy and we go
with this protocol and it is likely that
on those JavaScript side we really use
something simpler to start with for the
networking stuff but that's still like
in the future quarters so it really
and trade on the selectors first and we
want to get the go thing ship that wery
clearly transpose something over the
network it's the major goals and then we
go from there yeah thanks all right I
understand was it there was actually
like an area that we could use a little
bit of help from from someone who is go
sensitive is actually taking the great
work that Volkers been doing on like the
JavaScript test case side and writing
kind of go side bindings for that is
that correct so yes so basically the
plan is that as Eric kind of is the only
only go person on the ipod decide and
there's so much things to do that we try
to get some help with it but I don't
know what if if there's any decision yet
or yeah where this help comes from but
hopefully there will be help and then
here someone will have the selectors
part probably because it's kind of
independent from the other things yeah
all right I also just stuck something in
the notes completely separately from
graph sync but there's a guy named Vasa
who's doing a really awesome six-part
ecosystem tutorial of all of the
different kind of components of
distributed web covering I confess I
peel the ELA p2p and file coin and he
released part two which is all about IP
LD I believe early last week or late the
week before that
so I linked it in the notes feel free to
take a look cool things yet
iris certainly check it out
okay if they aren't any further comments
or questions then I will close the
meeting and thank everyone for attending
and we Oh Steven oh it's the same habit
actually in the last meeting everyone
was already waving
all right so yeah so you all in two
weeks
goodbye